yata.md, before:

# Yata: Yet Another To-Do App

Yata is a to-do app that combines both task management and daily planning into a powerful productivity tool for you to get things done.

As the name suggests, Yata is well aware of the fierce competition in the task management space. Yata is entirely written by a single person, and aims to be the best todo app for likeminded users. 

<img src="https://beetee17.github.io/docs/assets/Yata/images/Yata2Screenshot.png">

[Install via Testflight](https://testflight.apple.com/join/pGhH4eRP)  

[Documentation]({{ site.base-url }}/yata/docs)

[Full Changelog]({{ site.base-url }}/yata/changelog)

### Main Features
- **Automatic Sync**. All your tasks and data are automatically kept in sync between iOS devices that share an iCloud account. NO sign up required. 

- **Calendar Integration**. Plan your days seamlessly with a dedicated Calendar View that displays events and tasks in a single place. 

- **Stay on Task**. Reduce procrastination and stay motivated using Timeblocks.

- **Flexible Organisation System**. Categorise and group tasks in a way that makes most sense to you with as many (or as little) of the provided methods, such as subtasking, tags, projects, areas.

- **Quick Add**. Create tasks with minimal friction from anywhere (even outside of the app!). There is also support for natural language dates, allowing you to schedule tasks inline.

- **Private**. Yata has no access to any of your tasks and data, as they are stored securely in iCloud.

- **Home Screen & Lock Screen Widgets**. Get a quick overview of your tasks anywhere, anytime. 


### Other Features
- Recurring tasks
- Upload and view attachments to a task
- Edit tasks in bulk
- Customise the sort order of tasks
- Search tasks by the contents of their title and notes
- Light and Dark Themes

Commit message:

Update gifs and add app store link

yata.md, after:

# Yata: Yet Another To-Do App

Yata is a to-do app that combines both task management and daily planning into a powerful productivity tool for you to get things done.

As the name suggests, Yata is well aware of the fierce competition in the task management space. Yata is entirely written by a single person, and aims to be the best todo app for likeminded users. 

<img src="https://beetee17.github.io/docs/assets/Yata/images/Yata2Screenshot.png">

[Install the Production Build via App Store](https://apps.apple.com/sg/app/yata-yet-another-to-do-app/id1631370175)

[Install the Beta Build via Testflight](https://testflight.apple.com/join/pGhH4eRP)  

[Documentation]({{ site.base-url }}/yata/docs)

[Full Changelog]({{ site.base-url }}/yata/changelog)

### Main Features
- **Automatic Sync**. All your tasks and data are automatically kept in sync between iOS devices that share an iCloud account. NO sign up required. 

- **Calendar Integration**. Plan your days seamlessly with a dedicated Calendar View that displays events and tasks in a single place. 

- **Stay on Task**. Reduce procrastination and stay motivated using Timeblocks.

- **Flexible Organisation System**. Categorise and group tasks in a way that makes most sense to you with as many (or as little) of the provided methods, such as subtasking, tags, projects, areas.

- **Quick Add**. Create tasks with minimal friction from anywhere (even outside of the app!). There is also support for natural language dates, allowing you to schedule tasks inline.

- **Private**. Yata has no access to any of your tasks and data, as they are stored securely in iCloud.

- **Home Screen & Lock Screen Widgets**. Get a quick overview of your tasks anywhere, anytime. 


### Other Features
- Recurring tasks
- Upload and view attachments to a task
- Edit tasks in bulk
- Customise the sort order of tasks
- Search tasks by the contents of their title and notes
- Light and Dark Themes
